so you may have noticed i have a lot of
tools
i have a lot of tools
in fact my wife tells me you have a
problem and everyone else tells me
they want a shop tour but i just can't
show you all my tools without some
results
so here's what we're gonna do i'm gonna
design and fabricate a catapult with
every machine in my shop
that's nine catapults and they're all
gonna be totally different this will let
me show you the machines and how they
work it'll also give us some really fun
results
i also see some very exciting ways to
prank my wife
what's in the box i have all these tools
so i can make whatever pops into my head
as quickly as possible
they're basically the conduit from my
brain to the physical world and it's
awesome
each of the catapults that i'm going to
make corresponds to a different part of
the shop
i have tools for working with metals and
plastics additively and subtractively
and a whole lot of other stuff this
should be cool because it'll show just
how many ways you can solve a problem
thinking this through i'm gonna have to
stretch the definition of the catapult
really far this is definitely a catapult
right
so here's my rules it shoots half inch
steel bearings
this is the premier size to take an eye
out all of the important parts need to
be made on the machine
so if i was making a 3d printed catapult
i couldn't just 3d print the trigger
for a potato cannon i'm going to be
trying to keep the danger level to about
a 3 out of 10.
we'll see how that goes
i had try not to get too carried away
but i've already broken that rule so
it's gone i really should stop saying
catapult but i've said it too many times
so they're catapults
we're going to start simple with some of
the more basic tools i'm limiting myself
to the bandsaw the drill press and the
belt sander
for all of these designs i'm using a
really important tool called
computer-aided design
although most people just call it cad
i'm using autodesk inventor to design
everything in the computer before i
build
anything doing this means that
everything usually fits together
and it also lets me do things like
calculating the strength i came up with
this kind of wacky handheld catapult
and i'm using the 3d model to make paper
templates so that i can cut everything
out accurately
this is a really powerful technique you
can make almost anything this way
it just takes a while i'm using a little
portable bandsaw on a stand that i made
and this thing is incredible i use this
on literally
every project the drill press and belt
sander are cheap
imports from harbor freight i've had
them for over a decade and they just
won't die i kind of wish they would so i
could get a better one
you can do an incredible amount of
things with these machines they are
definitely the most bang for buck way to
get into making these kinds of things
that i know
i invested in a high quality eight inch
vise early on and i have zero regrets
this thing is amazing i'm also using it
to do some low end blacksmithing
a little glue and a couple screws and
we've got a catapult it looks like i
should have one of those little white
looney tunes surrender flags on it
doesn't it
all right let's try it out it like
this
ball goes here i don't even know how to
aim this thing
this thing turned out really cool
because i love everything that i make i
asked my wife to give an impartial score
really a four if this was a competition
for a food fight tool
then it would be higher you're lucky it
wasn't loaded
breaking glass isn't the most scientific
test but it's the funnest test
this catapult is just impossible to aim
well that was anticlimactic let's make
the next catapult
i am so jealous of kids these days
growing up with their fancy 3d printers
when i was a kid all i had was a corded
drill and a rusty chisel
and i liked it anyway i'm gonna make a
catapult with my fancy 3d printers
i came up with a design that's fully 3d
printed including the spring
plastic doesn't really want to be a
powerful spring so i have 18
kind of weak plastic springs working
together to make one
mighty spring this is one of the 3d
printers i'm going to be using
it's called a form3 it's a resin printer
made by formlabs
and as a fun little fact i was actually
responsible for developing this machine
that's what i was doing before i started
making youtube videos
this machine has a tank full of liquid
plastic which it shines a very tiny
laser spot at and wherever the light
touches the plastic
it triggers a chemical reaction that
turns it into a solid the machine will
steer the laser around to cure a very
thin layer
and then it'll move that layer up and
then cure another very thin layer on top
of the previous layer
if you repeat that a bunch of times
eventually you get a solid thing
the parts come out sticky so you wash
them off in a bath of basically rubbing
alcohol
these weird structures that the parts
are on are automatically generated
supports
this is actually an algorithm that i
spent a lot of time on they're super
optimized so they just break off
and you have a nice part if i could only
have one tool in the shop
this machine would probably be it so i
don't think i've shown this in any
videos this is an sls machine
it's called a fuse one it's also made by
form labs it prints things out of nylon
powder and the parts are just
fantastic i said this was an sls machine
but i think the more correct technical
term for this
is an absolute unit it works by
spreading out a very thin layer of nylon
powder
and then it melts together the areas
that it wants to be solid using a laser
and just like the other machine if you
stack a bunch of these layers on top of
each other
eventually you get a solid object
the parts come out surrounded in powder
and you sift through it like an
archaeologist
this machine collects all the unused
powder and then recycles it back into
the machine so you don't waste it
if something i want to make can be done
on a 3d printer that's what i'm going to
do
they take the least amount of work by
far and they can also do the widest
variety of shapes of any tool in my shop
the reasons that i won't use a 3d
printer is i need something big
very accurate or very strong i also want
to mention that i did not buy this
it was given to me and that's actually
true of almost all the big expensive
tools in my shop
this has been one of the best things
about having a youtube channel and it's
great because you win
iowin and the tool maker wins when
something awesome gets made
and i'm so grateful to be in this
position
there is just way too much to show here
if you want more details keep an eye on
my second channel
so this one's pretty similar to the last
one except for that it's totally
different
you it like this put in the ball
and you're ready to fire
these things are just impossible to aim
[Music]
that was kind of weak iv
four this is better than a four eighteen
leaf springs
or one two three yeah eighteen leaf
springs
i'd have to know what a leaf spring is
to be impressed by that
will it break the glass yeah i didn't
think so
all right next up we're gonna be looking
at the cnc router it's a tormach 24r
it's basically a wood router attached to
a robot that can move it around to cut
out whatever shape you want
it's really good at making big things
out of sheets it cuts up to 2x4 feet
i use it to make all kinds of more
precise wood stuff and
especially explosive bats i think a
trebuchet would be perfect for this
router
i was chatting with patrons on my
discord and someone brought up the
really good idea of a floating arm
trebuchet
so that's what we're gonna do i'm
holding the wood in place with plastic
nails so that i don't break the bit
when i hit one i love using the router
because it's really easy
you put your wood in it cuts the parts
out and that's pretty much it
and those plastic nails just sheer in
half with a hammer tap
this whole thing goes together kind of
like lincoln logs
the way i designed this is just a little
bit too narrow here we go
[Music]
that is way more powerful
are you just messing with me now let's
just fire it with 10 pounds
hopefully it doesn't break two
one
snap the arm in half
we won't get to find out if it would
have broken the glass
but we all know it would have
milling machines take a lot of work to
use but they're probably the most
satisfying tool in my shop
i've really been looking forward to
designing a catapult for these machines
so one thing led to another and i
accidentally made something
kind of insane this is a centrifugal
catapult that fires half inch steel ball
bearings
full auto this is way overkill for
demoing my mills
but i just couldn't help myself it's so
cool so i'm going to build it and show
how the mills work but there's probably
going to be an entire video
just about the awesome things you can do
with this kind of machine the general
idea is that you have a spinning arm
that
flings the balls before we can machine
anything we have to cut our stock out
the little band saw i showed earlier is
a total workhorse but when you want to
cut a slice off something like this
it just isn't going to happen so let's
talk about my horizontal bandsaw it's a
grizzly g0613
and i love it this thing is perfect when
i have thick stuff
long stuff and when i need an accurate
square or angled cut
this design is awesome because the
entire vise rotates and you can cut
really accurate miters
this is my first cnc machine i actually
made it in an apartment
years ago and it doesn't get much use
these days because i have bigger and
better machines
but building this i learned so much
about cnc
i really recommend it it is a fantastic
baptism by fire
computer-controlled cnc machines are
amazing but
human-controlled manual mills are also
amazing this is my precision matthews
it's called a nemil because of the
configuration of all the pieces it's
kind of a standard layout
machines like this are great because you
can just throw stuff in them and start
cutting
you don't have to go up to computer and
program the moves that it's going to do
it's super fast for a certain type of
work that i do all the time
it has knobs that you turn to move the
thing you want to cut in three
dimensions
and you pretty much just force the
cutter into the metal and it cuts
through it like butter
did you know you can cut metal with a
sharp knife that's exactly what these
machines are doing
they're spinning around knife that just
cuts through the metal one of the most
important thing for milling machines is
getting the speed
and depth that the knives are cutting
correct people call these feeds and
speeds
whenever i show people the mill they
think that the part is going to be
really hot
but it's not most of the heat goes into
these shavings which are called chips
but they're not edible there are tons of
different tools and cutters to do
different things in the mill but
i'm not going to get into those i'm
using the mill to make a bunch of the
simpler parts
and this part which you would normally
make on a lathe
i have two lathes but according to my
rules i can't use them
but i can use my mill as a lathe which
is a nice trick to know
sometimes can get you out of a jam
when i need metal parts for a project
which is like every project ever
i'm using this machine it's a tormach
1100 mx
it's a cnc mill so it's just like the
manual mill except for there's a
computer turning the knobs instead of me
computers are fast and precise so they
can do stuff that
i just can't do with my hands the liquid
that it's spraying is called coolant
this lubricates the tool and keeps metal
from sticking to it and is really
important for washing chips away so they
don't build up and break your tool
it holds 10 tools that it switches
between automatically
which is amazing because i can just put
metal in it and it'll make the part for
me while i do other stuff
it also has this rotating axis that
really reminds me of cooking something
on a spit it'll spin your part as it
cuts and it'll allow you to do all kinds
of fancy things
you can get machines that have a rotary
axis like this stacked on top of another
rotary axis
it sounds kind of crazy but you can do
some incredible things with that setup
i don't know if you're out there haas
but if you can hear me i'd love to talk
about a umc 500
i can at least dream right this thing is
so over engineered
i think in french they call this a
resistance piece
hold on why is there a 3d printed part
here
i mean if you're going to cheat you
might as well commit right
you spin the launcher mechanism with
this crank and drop a ball in
and it should launch it
okay it's not at all where i was
expecting it to fire
it's like my hundredth try finally
more chooch means more power and i
totally agree with that score although
it's not really a score but it will be
fixed in a future video i'm going to
attach a high power motor to this
and do some really cool things
the other thing that it really needs is
a timing mechanism so the balls go in at
the right point of the rotation
right now they go in at a random time
and shoot out at a random point
we need them to always come out of the
end of the tube at the same time so that
they
fly consistently i'm not even going to
try to hit the glass i could barely hit
the foam
[Music]
metal joining and cutting is a really
important part of my shop
it allows me to make big strong things
really fast
i'm going to weld up a steel replica of
da vinci's catapult design
before we can get to welding i have to
cut out a lot of thick steel
and we are going to use a tool that
would have absolutely
blown da vinci's mind
[Music]
this is plasma cutting it is raw power
cutting through steel
like butter the way they do this is
super cool
plasma cutters use electricity to make a
super hot stream of ionized gas
which is called a plasma plasma conducts
electricity which allows an arc to form
between the torch and the metal that you
want to cut the energy from the ark
melts the metal
and the focused blast of ionized gas
shoots the molten metal away
add in some computer control and you can
cut out whatever shape you want
this is a tormach 1300 pl that cuts up
to four foot by four foot
and i cannot overstate how superior this
is to cutting metal with a grinder or
any other way
so this is the torch and this is what
does the cutting you can actually move
this around by hand
but here i have it mounted to this
gantry which moves it around and cuts
out whatever shape you want
the whole thing is powered by a
hypertherm powermax power supply
i designed and built a plasma cutter
before this one but it isn't with us
anymore
it's watching over the new machine from
plasma cutter heaven
and now the fun part i'm welding
everything with a vulcan protig 200 from
harbor freight
it is surprisingly good but you can't
get it as far as i can tell harbor
freight got sued so hard by lincoln
electric that they just deleted the
thing from the internet
it's a tig machine which stands for
tungsten inner gas
which basically describes how the
machine works this pointy rod is the
tungsten
it's charged with electricity which
makes an arc between it and the material
you want to weld
this delivers so much energy that it
melts the metal almost instantly
although most metals have this annoying
problem when you get them very hot
they rust super fast to avoid this the
machine flows a bubble of
inert gas around the weld in my case
it's argon argon is a noble gas which
means aside from its aristocratic
lineage
does not want to react with anything
unlike oxygen which will react with
pretty much anything that moves
since argon won't react with stuff you
don't get oxidation tig doesn't really
fume or smoke which is great for the
basement
when you're welding parts the heating
and cooling tends to distort them
so my welding table has a very thick top
which you can clamp the parts to
and this helps minimize the warping all
these holes which make it look like a
precision block of swiss cheese
are made to accept drop in clamps and
other fixtures which makes setup
super fast and easy if you're wondering
my welding table is called a rhino cart
to make the catapult spring i'm using
this cool tool called a ring roller and
it's used for rolling rings
i think that's as much as i'm going to
be able to do if you put your hand in
front of this knit one off
i bet it would break your fingers
oh gosh
[Music]
yeah that's what i'm saying that da
vinci was one smart guy
with a few tweaks this thing could be
really powerful
we all know what's going to happen the
glass but come on
i know the davinci catapult is fast but
i want to know how fast
and i have the perfect tool for the job
so there's eight of these cameras
hanging from the ceiling throughout my
shop
and these are motion tracking cameras
they're made by a company called
optitrack
and you've probably seen these used in
video games or movies you see people
wearing silly suits with white dots all
over it
that's for these cameras so the way that
these work is they flash a really bright
light that
we can't see it's invisible to humans
but the cameras can see it
and then anything that's reflective that
light bounces it back to the camera
this allows the camera to very reliably
see the things you want to track if you
have multiple cameras you can
triangulate where that thing is in space
this is the same thing that your eyes do
to figure out how far away stuff is
these things are super fast super
accurate and the next project i'm
working on
uses the heck out of them i think it's
very fitting that you calibrate the
tracking system by basically waving a
magic wand
all right the system is up and tracking
a ball as i move around on the table
and here we go
all right this is pretty cool this is
the path that the ball took the catapult
zinged it up it bounced off the foam
went into the ceiling and then came out
over here
and fell to the ground we hit about 38
miles per hour
it traversed my workbench in 150
milliseconds that's how long a blink
takes
machining is awesome although starting
with a block of material and removing
everything that isn't your part
is pretty slow and expensive this is why
i love plasma cut and folded sheet metal
you're only using the material that you
need to make the part and it's really
fast and easy to make big strong things
for example an all metal crossbow this
crossbow has been designed to be folded
out of thin sheet metal
kind of like origami my cad software can
flatten it out into a pattern that i cut
on the plasma cutter this is basically
the same as the davinci catapult
when you cut thin sheet metal a bit of
the molten metal tends to stick to the
bottom of the parts
i'm grinding it off at my downdraft
there's a powerful metal dust collector
attached to it
this sucks all the metal particles away
so they don't go into my lungs
i find it hard to spend toolbox on
safety stuff but
it is important and it turns out my wife
agrees finding a way to classify a tool
is safety critical is the best way to
sneak it by my wife
isn't that amazing just look at the hot
dog why don't you just not put your hand
in the table saw
while we're on the topic of safety let
me show you what i do for first aid
if you're gonna have big tools you have
to be prepared for some big injuries
tourniquet just in case this probably
only applies to my shop
but if i have a chest wound this will
seal it if i'm having a really bad day
it'll also seal the exit wound so you've
got a skin stapler
which i hope my wife will never have to
use on me but it is pretty easy to catch
your scalp on
the stuff yeah this is what i use
whenever my wife talks about one of my
projects
this is super glue for closing up wounds
way better than bandages
this is actually made for animals not
humans but
i think it's basically the same stuff
and it's a lot cheaper don't quote me on
that i'm not a doctor
get the human stuff the vet stuff is a
bad idea i'm an idiot
and i'm going to be getting the human
stuff probably
[Music]
bending sheet metal accurately is really
hard to do which is why i have such a
ridiculous bender
the technical term for this is a break
and it's made by grizzly it'll do 16
gauge steel
up to 50 inches wide and this thing is
phenomenal the amount of pain i went
through before i got this thing
is just off the charts
getting the bender is most the work once
you have it it's pretty simple to use
you take whatever it is you want to bend
and clamp it in the break and then pull
this pivoting part up to whatever bend
angle you want
you can also take these fingers out to
make clearance for bends that you
couldn't make otherwise
and that's it that's my first secret to
sheet metal success
i normally wouldn't give you the second
secret until you recruit at least three
people to the program but i'm feeling
generous
the secret is spot welders i think spot
welders are just
completely underrated they are super
useful they're affordable
but i don't see anyone using them i just
don't understand it
so let me show you you take two pieces
of metal clamp them in the spot welder
press the trigger and you're done really
high heat a bit of pressure
and two become one just like marriage
this will join all the pieces of the
crossbow together
super fast i just love that even the
string is sheet metal
this one you have to it with a
glove on
you never want to get your fingers in
front of it
[Applause]
it seems to have a lot less power than i
calculated
[Music]
five i can't believe you give that a
five as i said
for style it has 18 stacked leaf springs
my wife isn't impressed with i'm sure
these ones are all touching each other
so
they all have to rub to fire and you
lose a lot of energy i think
i think it shows what you can do with
sheet metal pretty well though it's only
cool if you can break your house windows
with it
that's too bad i thought this one was
cool
this next catapult is designed for laser
cutting laser cutting is a really fast
really useful prototyping tool
before 3d printers laser cutters were
the king my goal for this one is to make
a wrist mounted catapult
so this fancy glass box this is my laser
cutter it's a glowforge pro
it cuts soft materials like wood and
plastic with a beam of focused light
the focused light is delivered by a co2
laser this is basically a glass tube
filled with co2 with electrical
connections on either end
when electricity is applied it causes
some of the co2 to emit light
kind of like a tiny light bulb but
what's special about this glass tube is
that it has mirrors on either end
some of this light will go towards the
mirrors and start bouncing back and
forth between them
and sometimes something interesting
happens when the light goes by another
co2 molecule
the co2 molecule will emit more light
which will be going in the same
direction as a light that's already
bouncing back and forth between the
mirrors
this is called stimulated emission and
it's basically what the word laser
stands for
so you get this enormous build up of
light bouncing back and forth between
these mirrors
if you were to figuratively poke a
little hole in one of the mirrors
some of this light will come through and
it will be an intense beam of light
all going in the same direction which
doesn't really happen in nature which is
why lasers are so special
so whenever you point this laser at
something it just goes what the heck
and disappears in a puff of smoke
wherever the laser's touching it
you really don't want to breathe this
smoke so it gets sucked up into this
filter
the laser is moved around on a gantry so
that it can cut anywhere on a sheet
laser cutters are great because they're
really easy to design for
and cutting stuff out is fast and takes
almost no work
you just load a 2d drawing of what you
want to cut in the software
and hit cut that's it if you're in the
market for one of these there's a link
in the description that'll get you 500
off all right who needs a taser when you
can have a
wrist rocket like this alright ready
not the most powerful i really like how
the low profile articulating pivot came
out
i think with a couple tweaks it could be
quite a lot more powerful
[Music]
i think i look like spider-man yep it
does look like spider-man's web shooter
a little bit
especially the way you fire it the glass
is a lost cause
i accidentally kind of broke it so it
can't even hit the glass from one foot
away now
now for the project that's a real
conundrum how the heck am i going to
make a catapult on the lathe
you typically only make round parts on a
lathe but i can't think of any examples
of catapults that are made out of round
parts
well if you use my definition of
catapult i can think of
one unfortunately using explosives are
against my rules so we're going to do
something a little bit different
everything is basically round and air
pressure
counts it's basically a spring so i have
an idea
i'm gonna build a launcher that you pump
up and then release the pressure with a
valve to shoot the ball
i have two lathes this is my mini lathe
which i had in my apartment
and it is absolutely beaten to death
this is the big brother to my mini lathe
it's a precision matthews 1440 gt this
thing is just
an absolute joy to use the lathes work
by holding whatever it is you want to
cut
in some kind of chuck as the chuck spins
you stick various tools into the part to
cut material off
and just like the mill it cuts into the
metal like butter
there's a ton of different tools that
you can use in the lathe but the thing
that they pretty much all have in common
is that they make round
parts i have an issue with the trigger
valve for this launcher
although it's possible these parts are
very difficult to make on a traditional
lathe setup
did you know a lathe is just a mill on
its side with some missing parts
we can add those parts back now we have
a mill
[Music]
pretty cool you can do milling with this
but you should not put it into a quick
change tool post
it's not stiff and you can potentially
damage stuff
be smart don't do what i did i was able
to get this
pretty simple the hardest parts to make
were the check valves for the pump
i designed everything to go up to at
least a thousand psi but i screwed up
the pump
and i'm way under that you pump this one
up
a bunch of times
[Music]
can it break the glass that's the
question no
no no
[Music]
yeah won't even break the glass
you showed me i showed you yeah
not a great indoor toy eight
yes finally it's twice as good that's
very satisfying
and this is definitely a catapult right
well actually
it's just using the power of the wind
rather than the power of
the inclined plane or whatever
i really wasn't sure what the best
catapult would be to show off my
woodworking tools
but i've got it i wanted one of my
catapults to have a wife mode
so i'm making a box with a secret
catapult in the lid
when you open the box you won't see
anything but then the secret arm will
come down and launch a ball
at you i have all these woodworking
tools because they are surprisingly
useful for making functional stuff
aside from that i do zero woodworking
this tool right here is a planer
it's a dewalt 735 i think inside of it
there's a spinning set of blades that
can remove a thin
layer from a piece of wood you put a
plank of wood in one side and it comes
out the other side slightly thinner
flat and with a good surface finish my
main use of this is when i need accurate
flat wood for some kind of fixture
or when i need to make a big flat piece
of wood out of small glued together
pieces
i did this a ton for my crocs project
this is my compound miter saw
this thing is so useful i think this is
the first power tool i got for this shop
you can cut two by fours you can cut
smaller pieces of plywood you can cut
aluminum
i use this on almost every project this
machine is a jointer
and i am absolutely terrified of it this
thing will take you from five fingers
to zero in the blink of an eye so it has
a set of spinning blades just like the
planer
and it removes a thin layer of wood just
like the planer but the difference is
that this is designed to make your wood
square so this wood is not square on the
side
this is an extreme example but you run
it through the joiner a few times and
it's square
i'm using a router table to make the
rabbit joints for the box
there's not a whole lot to these they
just hold a router in a very dangerous
mangle your hand upside down position
you can also get special bits for
deburring and chamfering aluminum and
steel
woodworking machines make a ludicrous
amount of dust so i have a central dust
collection system that sucks all the
dust out of all the woodworking machines
this is a grizzly 860 dust collector
it's centrifugal which is super sweet
and inside the dust collector it looks
like this at the center there's
essentially a shop vac
pulling air in from all directions and
this end is open
it's where it sucks the dusty air in and
because the air has mass
as it comes in it doesn't go straight
into the hole it actually spirals around
and then goes into the vacuum the
sawdust in the air weighs a lot more
when it comes flying in it can actually
make this sharp of a turn
so it hits the wall slows down and drops
into the collection bin
the air continues on without the dust in
it and gets sucked up into the vacuum
the dust that makes it through goes into
this air filter
but it is an absolutely tiny amount of
dust which is really good because it
would otherwise clog this filter
which is a huge hassle to deal with if
you're looking at getting a dust
collector
i really recommend some kind of
centrifugal one
assembling the box is just
straightforward woodworker stuff that
i'm not very good at
i'm using a magnet to hold the ball on
the catapult upside down
[Music]
when someone opens this they don't see
the arm until it's too late
i haven't tried to plenty fast ones on
my wife in quite a while so
i think i should be good check this out
what's in the box
it's my woodworking catapult so smooth
yeah it turned out pretty nice oh
ow why would you point it at me
i've learned
this gets the 10
let's see if we can hit something
besides my neck
that's not surprising i tried to make
this one only a nuisance not
deadly don't you think we should put
this in the guest room whenever we had
people visit
ignoring performance which is your
favorite tube
tube very satisfying to get in the phone
there
i mean they're all so great it's like
it's like choosing a favorite child
i knew you were gonna say that i didn't
say they're my children i'm just saying
it's like
children i think my favorite is the 3d
printed one just because the design is
unusual all the stacked springs it's
like pocketable catapult
i actually like sheet metal one for the
same reason but i wouldn't say it's a
good design but it's
interesting it's not good but it's
unique yeah
i think i may have gotten a little bit
carried away with all these catapults
at least a little bit it was a lot of
fun though and i hope that you enjoyed
it i try really hard to give you a bit
more than you bargained for with all
these videos
and if you do enjoy them please consider
subscribing it helps me out
and it'll keep you in the loop when
there's some new stuff made here
and like i said before i designed so
many things that i had to gloss over
almost all the details i'm planning to
post more videos going into the details
of these on my second channel
so check that out if you're interested
so if you think about what's actually
happening here i'm a guy in his basement
building catapults for your enjoyment it
is a very strange time to be alive
and the reason i'm able to put so much
time into projects like this that are
kind of pointless but hopefully
entertaining and educational
is mostly thanks to video sponsors so if
you want to help ensure that more videos
like this get made
taking a minute to check out the sponsor
is very helpful and the sponsor for this
video is micro center
i'm a huge micro center fanboy the fact
that they want to sponsor my videos is
still
amazing and makes me really happy it all
comes down to the fact that i'm a nerd i
do nerd things
and i need electronics computers 3d
printers
and i need them now micro center has all
that and their prices are really good
i built my entire computer from parts
from micro center and it was cheaper
than buying the parts online
it's also the only physical store that i
know of that i can go buy electronics
kits
if you do anything even tangentially
related to nerd stuff
you should go visit a micro center
there's 25 of them across the us
take some time to walk around you're
going to find stuff that you can't find
anywhere else
and if you do go to one they're doing
something i think is a little crazy
they're going to give you a free pair of
bluetooth headphones like totally free
so if you're interested in headphones
all you have to do is click on the link
in the description
put in your email and they'll give you a
coupon that you can take to the store
and they'll give you a free pair of
headphones
it's a little crazy they'll give you
headphones just for visiting but i guess
they know the store is great and that
you're gonna like it
so go check out micro center it is great
and if you're interested get some free
headphones
[Music]
you